README.md, before:

# VR Website 🌐🕶️

**A responsive virtual reality–inspired website** showcasing immersive VR features, products, and contact section — built with HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.

🔗 **Live Demo:** https://lakshminagasai.github.io/VR-Website/

---

## 📌 Overview

This project is a **demo VR-themed promotional website** demonstrating Virtual Reality features and products. The site includes sections such as Featured VR Capabilities, Product Listings, Trending Blogs, and Contact information — styled using Bootstrap components and custom CSS. 

It’s a static front-end project ideal for showcasing your skills in web design and responsive layout.

---

## 🚀 Features

- 📱 Fully responsive layout  
- 🕶️ VR-themed sections like features, products, and interaction highlights  
- 🛒 Product showcase with pricing  
- ✉️ Contact details included  
- 💡 Built with **HTML, CSS, Bootstrap**

---

## 🧱 Tech Stack

| Technology | Purpose |
|------------|----------|
| **HTML**   | Structure of the website |
| **CSS**    | Styling & layout |
| **Bootstrap** | Responsive design |

---

## 📁 Project Structure
```
VR-Website/
│── index.html
│── VR.css
└── assets/
└── (images used in website)
```
---

## 🛠️ How to Use / Run Locally

To view the project locally:

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/lakshminagasai/VR-Website.git
Open the project

Double-click index.html

OR serve using a local server (optional)

sh
Copy code
live-server
View it in any browser (Chrome, Firefox, etc.).

Commit message:

Revise README for serving instructions and credits
Updated instructions for serving the project locally and added credits section.

README.md, after:

# VR Website 🌐🕶️

**A responsive virtual reality–inspired website** showcasing immersive VR features, products, and contact section — built with HTML, CSS, and Bootstrap.

🔗 **Live Demo:** https://lakshminagasai.github.io/VR-Website/

---

## 📌 Overview

This project is a **demo VR-themed promotional website** demonstrating Virtual Reality features and products. The site includes sections such as Featured VR Capabilities, Product Listings, Trending Blogs, and Contact information — styled using Bootstrap components and custom CSS. 

It’s a static front-end project ideal for showcasing your skills in web design and responsive layout.

---

## 🚀 Features

- 📱 Fully responsive layout  
- 🕶️ VR-themed sections like features, products, and interaction highlights  
- 🛒 Product showcase with pricing  
- ✉️ Contact details included  
- 💡 Built with **HTML, CSS, Bootstrap**

---

## 🧱 Tech Stack

| Technology | Purpose |
|------------|----------|
| **HTML**   | Structure of the website |
| **CSS**    | Styling & layout |
| **Bootstrap** | Responsive design |

---

## 📁 Project Structure
```
VR-Website/
│── index.html
│── VR.css
└── assets/
└── (images used in website)
```
---

## 🛠️ How to Use / Run Locally

To view the project locally:

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/lakshminagasai/VR-Website.git
Open the project

Double-click index.html

OR serve using a local server (optional)

```sh
live-server
View it in any browser (Chrome, Firefox, etc.).
📌 Credits
Created by: Lakshmi Naga Sai Samatham
Built with ❤️ using Bootstrap & custom CSS
